
Zatana Wynlana was just a 17 year old humble girl living in the town of Black Crystal. The year was 13879 and she was in her senior year at Central Valley Technical School. This school was only for the brightest and best minds in the world. It was on a secluded island in the middle of the Ocean called The Jagged Isles. There were portals connecting Black Crystal to The Jagged Isles which is how she was able to commute back and forth. As Zatana's final project she was working on a machine to give her super powers. 

In Zatana's childhood a rift was created in her backyard. Zatana went to investigate and as she went closet something popped out of the rift. It was a weird stone. This stone was black and red in color and looked to be crystalline. Zatana had no clue what this was but dedicated her whole life to studying it. She learned that it was highly resistant to: Heat, Cold, Bludgeoning, and Piercing. The Gemstone also gave off a powerful aura which led Zatana to believe this was the source of the power. Zatana did some reading and found out it was a magical stone used in the wars called the Adecite Shard.

Zatana used the Adecite Shard as the power source for her machine. The day of the final project fair came and Zatana was ready to use her machine. Zatana went up on stage and gave her introduction. She plugged in the machine and cranked the power up to its highest degree. As she turned on the machine the casing around the shard started to spin faster and faster. At this moment Zatana heard a voice in her head. This was the voice of The Warden. The voice said, "My child, you are the chosen one. Touch the crystal and all of your desires will come true."

The casing stopped spinning and the crystal glowed even brighter than before. Everyone started clapping. Zatana looked to see her mother (Adrin Wynlana) and her father (Hendal Wynlana). However, the person she really wanted there wasn't. Zatana always looked up to her brother (Geffin Wynlana). He was her inspiration, he was her best friend. Zatana gave another glance around the room to see him in the front row of the audience. Zatana smiled even harder and started to walk towards the crystal. At that moment her oldest brother (Rinar Wynlana) came into the room. Rinar had been absent most of Zatana's life and was always disapproving of her studies. Rinar barged in to the room and yelled to Zatana not to touch the crystal. But at that moment it was far to late. As Zatana placed her hand above the crystal she could see another hand inside the crystal reaching for her hand. When Zatana touched the crystal there was a huge flash of black and red light.

At that moment Zatana opened her eyes to be standing in a deserted wasteland (The Anachronism (World)). In her hands was the stone. A hooded figure approaches her and stands right in front of her. The man says, "Welcome my child to The Anachronism. This is a world beyond worlds. A place beyond time. It always exists and never exists. This will be your new home." Zatana to stunned to speak just nods her head. The hooded figure gestures her to follow him so she does. 

After walking for what felt like hours they arrive at what looks like a little log house. As they walk inside it becomes 10x bigger than it looks like from the outside. The house is a full tavern with many different sections and rooms. In the center is the main bar. The man gestures for her to sit. Zatana does so. The man puts a glass in front of her and waves his hand over it. After he does so it begins to fill up with Zatana's favorite drink, Moonlit Wine. He then takes off his hood to reveal one of the most beautiful people Zatana had ever seen. The man said: "I am known as The Warden, I have taken on a form you can more comprehend. Please be aware this is not my true form.  The Shard you hold in front of you is no longer of importance. Its only purpose was to find the person who could become my next warrior. It has deemed that person is you. You have been chosen to construct a team in order to help me find the stones I am missing. I need to bring balance back to the universe and in order to do that I need these stones. It is easier for me to show you." At this moment he reached his boney hand out and grasped her forehead. He then closed his eyes. At that moment Zatana could feel so much information swirl inside of her brain and she knew exactly what she needed to do. She also received all the information on how the tavern works and how to control it. And lastly she understood the magnitude of the powers she was about to receive. Zatana was stunned for words and just looked up at the man with a tear in her eye. Zatana eventually looked into his eyes and said, "its beautiful." The man smiled and gave her nod. Then he asked, "You understand if you take on this life you can never go back to the way things were before. You may never see your family or friends again. You will essentially become a demigod. Are you ok with this?" Zatana wiped the tear from her eye and nodded. The man smiled and once again gestured for her to follow him. She drank the rest of her wine and followed. 

Zatana was brought into a kind of ritual chamber and stood where she was supposed to. At that moment the mans eyes began to glow a dark red and red lighting swirled around Zatana. All the once the lightning stuck her but she wasn't hurt. As a matter of fact it made her feel more powerful. When it was over she tested out her powers with a smile on her face. She turned to the man and said, "Thank you." The man smiled back at her and said, "You will not be seeing me again for a while. You know what must be done. I believe in you my child." And then the man disappeared in a gulf of red lightning leaving Zatana alone with a mission.

Zatana then created the most powerful team across the multiverse.

Once the team had collected all the stones they preformed a ritual to summon back The Warden. The Warden was pleased to see Zatana and happy she had fulfilled her mission. The Warden then explained to the rest of the team that the stones would reset the universe and they would cease to exist. Zatana would be kept alive to watch over the new universe along side the Warden. Zatana did not know this was the case the whole time. Everyone on the team protested and attempted to take them gems back from the warden. The Warden did not allow them to do this and froze them all in place. All except Zatana. He looked at Zatana and said, "Whos side are you on?" Zatana looked at the Warden and then looked at her friends. They had been together for years fighting along side each other searching for the artifacts making new friends, at this point they were a family. And Zatana would do anything to protect her family. Zatana looked back to the Warden an drew her sword. He looked at her with saddened eyes and said, "So be it." At this moment they all unfroze and drew their weapons. They all were enveloped in red lightning and brought to a place called The Battlefield of Time. This is where the biggest battle in the universe started, The Warden vs. The First Anachronism Team. There they fought the Warden and eventually were able to ruin the ritual of the artifacts causing them all to be shot off into different time lines all 7 relating to each person who knocked it off.

Once this had happened the Warden flew into a rage. He then forced Zatana against the wall and held her there. The Warden then forced the others to there knees in a line in front of Zatana. He then said, "I expected more out of you Zatana. Attachments only lead to failure. That's the funny thing about friends isn't it. The more you love them the more it hurts when they go." The Warden then took a deep breath, looked at Zatana, raised his sword, and said, "Allow me to demonstrate." Then the Warden killed each individual team member as they all looked into Zatana's eyes. Zatana, physically unable to speak just cried. The Warden then smiled at Zatana and said, "You will learn." As each of them died their soul went with the artifact that they had removed. 

Zatana so full of rage was able to break free from the Wardens spell and lunged a him. She laid a slice so powerful on his left eye it left a scar. He felt the blood rush down his face and smiled even harder. As Zatana went for another lunge The Warden just disappeared. And the battle field began to crumble at Zatana's feet. Zatana was left with no one in the middle of an infinite wasteland with nothing but a compass to lead her back home.